README_en.md, before:

# multiple language write algorithms code

    The classic `ten sorts` and multiple algorithm examples by most popular programming languages, 
    such as `C, JS, Java, python` etc., which use the special of different languages, and include detailed comments. 
    Through comparison, you can not only learn algorithms and data structures but also understand the language features, 
    which are suitable for learning and communication.
    
[中文](./README.md)
    
    
## 10 classical sort algorithm
- ### [bubble sort](./sorts/bubblesort/)
[C](./sorts/bubblesort/bubble_sort.c ) | [JavaScript](./sorts/bubblesort/bubble_sort.js ) | [Python](./sorts/bubblesort/bubble_sort.py ) | [Java](./sorts/bubblesort/BubbleSort.java ) | [TypeScript](./sorts/bubblesort/BubbleSort.ts )
- ### [insert sort](./sorts/insertsort/)
[C language](./sorts/insertsort/insert_sort.c ) | [JavaScript](./sorts/insertsort/insert_sort.js ) | [Python](./sorts/insertsort/insert_sort.py ) | [Java](./sorts/insertsort/InsertSort.java ) | [TypeScript](./sorts/insertsort/InsertSort.ts )
- ### [selection sort](./sorts/selectionsort/)
[C language](./sorts/selectionsort/selection_sort.c ) | [JavaScript](./sorts/selectionsort/selection_sort.js ) | [Python](./sorts/selectionsort/selection_sort.py ) | [Java](./sorts/selectionsort/SelectionSort.java ) | [TypeScript](./sorts/selectionsort/SelectionSort.ts )
- ### [heap sort](./sorts/heapsort/)
[C language](./sorts/heapsort/heap_sort.c ) | [JavaScript](./sorts/heapsort/heap_sort.js ) | [Python](./sorts/heapsort/heap_sort.py ) | [Java](./sorts/heapsort/HeapSort.java ) | [TypeScript](./sorts/heapsort/HeapSort.ts )
- ### [quick sort](./sorts/quicksort/)
[C language](./sorts/quicksort/quick_sort.c ) | [JavaScript](./sorts/quicksort/quick_sort.js ) | [Python](./sorts/quicksort/quick_sort.py ) | [Java](./sorts/quicksort/QuickSort.java ) | [TypeScript](./sorts/quicksort/QuickSort.ts )
- ### [merge sort](./sorts/mergesort/)
[C language](./sorts/mergesort/merge_sort.c ) | [JavaScript](./sorts/mergesort/merge_sort.js ) | [Python](./sorts/mergesort/merge_sort.py ) | [Java](./sorts/mergesort/MergeSort.java ) | [TypeScript](./sorts/mergesort/MergeSort.ts )
- ### [counting sort](./sorts/countingsort/)
[C language](./sorts/countingsort/counting_sort.c ) | [JavaScript](./sorts/countingsort/counting_sort.js ) | [Python](./sorts/countingsort/counting_sort.py ) | [Java](./sorts/countingsort/CountingSort.java ) | [TypeScript](./sorts/countingsort/CountingSort.ts )
- ### [radix sort](./sorts/radixsort/)
[C language](./sorts/radixsort/radix_sort.c ) | [JavaScript](./sorts/radixsort/radix_sort.js ) | [Python](./sorts/radixsort/radix_sort.py ) | [Java](./sorts/radixsort/RadixSort.java ) | [TypeScript](./sorts/radixsort/RadixSort.ts )
- ### [buket sort](./sorts/buketsort/)
[C language](./sorts/buketsort/buket_sort.c ) | [JavaScript](./sorts/buketsort/buket_sort.js ) | [Python](./sorts/buketsort/buket_sort.py ) | [Java](./sorts/buketsort/BuketSort.java ) | [TypeScript](./sorts/buketsort/BuketSort.ts )
- ### [shell sort](./sorts/shellsort/)
[C language](./sorts/shellsort/shell_sort.c ) | [JavaScript](./sorts/shellsort/shell_sort.js ) | [Python](./sorts/shellsort/shell_sort.py ) | [Java](./sorts/shellsort/ShellSort.java ) | [TypeScript](./sorts/shellsort/ShellSort.ts )

## array or list unique
- ### [remove duplication item](./unique/)
[C language](./unique/unique.c ) | [JavaScript](./unique/unique.js ) | [Python](./unique/unique.py ) | [Java](./unique/UniqueArray.java ) | [TypeScript](./unique/UniqueArray.ts )

## string search
- ### [native search](./string/nativesearch/)
[C language](./string/nativesearch/string_search.c ) | [JavaScript](./string/nativesearch/string_search.js ) | [Python](./string/nativesearch/string_search.py ) | [Java](./string/nativesearch/StringSearch.java ) | [TypeScript](./string/nativesearch/StringSearch.ts )
- ### [binary search](./search/binarysearch/)
[C language](./search/binarysearch/binary_search.c ) | [JavaScript](./search/binarysearch/binary_search.js ) | [Python](./search/binarysearch/binary_search.py ) | [Java](./search/binarysearch/BinarySearch.java ) | [TypeScript](./search/binarysearch/BinarySearch.ts )

## tree search&recursion
- ### [binary recursion](./tree/binarytree/)
[C language](./tree/binarytree/binary_tree.c ) | [JavaScript](./tree/binarytree/binary_tree.js ) | [Python](./tree/binarytree/binary_tree.py ) | [Java](./tree/binarytree/BinaryTree.java ) | [TypeScript](./tree/binarytree/BinaryTree.ts )

## recursion
- ### [simple](./recursion/)

## number
- ### [calculation](./number/)

## date and calander
- ### [date](./date/)

# data structures
## heap and stack
- ### [stack](./data-structure/stack/)
## struct
- ### [struct](./data-structure/struct/)

`links
`[https://github.com/microwind/algorithms](https://github.com/microwind/algorithms)

Commit message:

add dart for binary search

README_en.md, after:

# multiple language write algorithms code

    Use different languages to implement programming algorithms, such as prime factor decomposition, sorting algorithms, etc. Through the practical algorithm code to understand the differences of multiple programming languages.

    The classic `ten sorts` and multiple algorithm examples by most popular programming languages, 
    such as `C, JS, Java, Python, Go, Dart, Rust` etc., which use the special of different languages, and include detailed comments. 
    Through comparison, you can not only learn algorithms and data structures but also understand the language features, 
    which are suitable for learning and communication.
    
[中文](./README.md)
    
    
## 10 classical sort algorithm
- ### [bubble sort](./sorts/bubblesort/)
[C](./sorts/bubblesort/bubble_sort.c ) | [JavaScript](./sorts/bubblesort/bubble_sort.js ) | [Python](./sorts/bubblesort/bubble_sort.py ) | [Java](./sorts/bubblesort/BubbleSort.java ) | [TypeScript](./sorts/bubblesort/BubbleSort.ts ) | [Go](./sorts/bubblesort/BubbleSort.go ) | [Dart](./sorts/bubblesort/BubbleSort.dart ) | [Rust](./sorts/bubblesort/BubbleSort.rs )
- ### [insert sort](./sorts/insertsort/)
[C language](./sorts/insertsort/insert_sort.c ) | [JavaScript](./sorts/insertsort/insert_sort.js ) | [Python](./sorts/insertsort/insert_sort.py ) | [Java](./sorts/insertsort/InsertSort.java ) | [TypeScript](./sorts/insertsort/InsertSort.ts )
- ### [selection sort](./sorts/selectionsort/)
[C language](./sorts/selectionsort/selection_sort.c ) | [JavaScript](./sorts/selectionsort/selection_sort.js ) | [Python](./sorts/selectionsort/selection_sort.py ) | [Java](./sorts/selectionsort/SelectionSort.java ) | [TypeScript](./sorts/selectionsort/SelectionSort.ts )
- ### [heap sort](./sorts/heapsort/)
[C language](./sorts/heapsort/heap_sort.c ) | [JavaScript](./sorts/heapsort/heap_sort.js ) | [Python](./sorts/heapsort/heap_sort.py ) | [Java](./sorts/heapsort/HeapSort.java ) | [TypeScript](./sorts/heapsort/HeapSort.ts )
- ### [quick sort](./sorts/quicksort/)
[C language](./sorts/quicksort/quick_sort.c ) | [JavaScript](./sorts/quicksort/quick_sort.js ) | [Python](./sorts/quicksort/quick_sort.py ) | [Java](./sorts/quicksort/QuickSort.java ) | [TypeScript](./sorts/quicksort/QuickSort.ts )
- ### [merge sort](./sorts/mergesort/)
[C language](./sorts/mergesort/merge_sort.c ) | [JavaScript](./sorts/mergesort/merge_sort.js ) | [Python](./sorts/mergesort/merge_sort.py ) | [Java](./sorts/mergesort/MergeSort.java ) | [TypeScript](./sorts/mergesort/MergeSort.ts )
- ### [counting sort](./sorts/countingsort/)
[C language](./sorts/countingsort/counting_sort.c ) | [JavaScript](./sorts/countingsort/counting_sort.js ) | [Python](./sorts/countingsort/counting_sort.py ) | [Java](./sorts/countingsort/CountingSort.java ) | [TypeScript](./sorts/countingsort/CountingSort.ts )
- ### [radix sort](./sorts/radixsort/)
[C language](./sorts/radixsort/radix_sort.c ) | [JavaScript](./sorts/radixsort/radix_sort.js ) | [Python](./sorts/radixsort/radix_sort.py ) | [Java](./sorts/radixsort/RadixSort.java ) | [TypeScript](./sorts/radixsort/RadixSort.ts )
- ### [buket sort](./sorts/buketsort/)
[C language](./sorts/buketsort/buket_sort.c ) | [JavaScript](./sorts/buketsort/buket_sort.js ) | [Python](./sorts/buketsort/buket_sort.py ) | [Java](./sorts/buketsort/BuketSort.java ) | [TypeScript](./sorts/buketsort/BuketSort.ts )
- ### [shell sort](./sorts/shellsort/)
[C language](./sorts/shellsort/shell_sort.c ) | [JavaScript](./sorts/shellsort/shell_sort.js ) | [Python](./sorts/shellsort/shell_sort.py ) | [Java](./sorts/shellsort/ShellSort.java ) | [TypeScript](./sorts/shellsort/ShellSort.ts )

## array or list unique
- ### [remove duplication item](./unique/)
[C language](./unique/unique.c ) | [JavaScript](./unique/unique.js ) | [Python](./unique/unique.py ) | [Java](./unique/UniqueArray.java ) | [TypeScript](./unique/UniqueArray.ts )

## string search
- ### [native search](./string/nativesearch/)
[C language](./string/nativesearch/string_search.c ) | [JavaScript](./string/nativesearch/string_search.js ) | [Python](./string/nativesearch/string_search.py ) | [Java](./string/nativesearch/StringSearch.java ) | [TypeScript](./string/nativesearch/StringSearch.ts )
- ### [binary search](./search/binarysearch/)
[C language](./search/binarysearch/binary_search.c ) | [JavaScript](./search/binarysearch/binary_search.js ) | [Python](./search/binarysearch/binary_search.py ) | [Java](./search/binarysearch/BinarySearch.java ) | [TypeScript](./search/binarysearch/BinarySearch.ts )

## tree search&recursion
- ### [binary recursion](./tree/binarytree/)
[C language](./tree/binarytree/binary_tree.c ) | [JavaScript](./tree/binarytree/binary_tree.js ) | [Python](./tree/binarytree/binary_tree.py ) | [Java](./tree/binarytree/BinaryTree.java ) | [TypeScript](./tree/binarytree/BinaryTree.ts )

## recursion
- ### [simple](./recursion/)

## number
- ### [calculation](./number/)

## date and calander
- ### [date](./date/)

# data structures
## heap and stack
- ### [stack](./data-structure/stack/)
## struct
- ### [struct](./data-structure/struct/)

`links
`[https://github.com/microwind/algorithms](https://github.com/microwind/algorithms)
