README.md, before:

# 多种语言算法代码示例(C\Java\Python\JavaScript\TypeScript\Dart\Go)

    不同语言的差异实现某种算法，比如质因数分解，排序算法等。通过算法例子来了解不同语言的差异。

    10大经典排序与多种常见算法例子，分别用C、JS、Java、Python等最流行的高级语言编写，
    充分利用不同语言的特点，同时增加了详细注释，通过对比既可以学习算法和数据结构，
    又可以了解语言特色，适合用来学习和交流。
    
    The classic `ten sorts` and multiple algorithm examples by most popular programming languages, 
    such as `C, JS, Java, python` etc., which use the special of different languages, and include detailed comments. 
    Through comparison, you can not only learn algorithms and data structures but also understand the language features, 
    which are suitable for learning and communication.
    
[English](./README_en.md)    

## 质因数分解算法
- [C语言/CPP/Java/Python/JS/TS/Kotlin/Dart/Go/Swift/Objective-c 不同语言实现](./factor)
    
## 10大经典排序算法
- ### [冒泡排序 bubble sort](./sorts/bubblesort/)
[C语言版](./sorts/bubblesort/bubble_sort.c ) | [JavaScript版](./sorts/bubblesort/bubble_sort.js ) | [Python版](./sorts/bubblesort/bubble_sort.py ) | [Java版](./sorts/bubblesort/BubbleSort.java ) | [TypeScript版](./sorts/bubblesort/BubbleSort.ts )
- ### [插入排序 insert sort](./sorts/insertsort/)
[C语言版](./sorts/insertsort/insert_sort.c ) | [JavaScript版](./sorts/insertsort/insert_sort.js ) | [Python版](./sorts/insertsort/insert_sort.py ) | [Java版](./sorts/insertsort/InsertSort.java ) | [TypeScript版](./sorts/insertsort/InsertSort.ts )
- ### [选择排序 selection sort](./sorts/selectionsort/)
[C语言版](./sorts/selectionsort/selection_sort.c ) | [JavaScript版](./sorts/selectionsort/selection_sort.js ) | [Python版](./sorts/selectionsort/selection_sort.py ) | [Java版](./sorts/selectionsort/SelectionSort.java ) | [TypeScript版](./sorts/selectionsort/SelectionSort.ts )
- ### [堆排序 heap sort](./sorts/heapsort/)
[C语言版](./sorts/heapsort/heap_sort.c ) | [JavaScript版](./sorts/heapsort/heap_sort.js ) | [Python版](./sorts/heapsort/heap_sort.py ) | [Java版](./sorts/heapsort/HeapSort.java ) | [TypeScript版](./sorts/heapsort/HeapSort.ts )
- ### [快速排序 quick sort](./sorts/quicksort/)
[C语言版](./sorts/quicksort/quick_sort.c ) | [JavaScript版](./sorts/quicksort/quick_sort.js ) | [Python版](./sorts/quicksort/quick_sort.py ) | [Java版](./sorts/quicksort/QuickSort.java ) | [TypeScript版](./sorts/quicksort/QuickSort.ts )
- ### [归并排序 merge sort](./sorts/mergesort/)
[C语言版](./sorts/mergesort/merge_sort.c ) | [JavaScript版](./sorts/mergesort/merge_sort.js ) | [Python版](./sorts/mergesort/merge_sort.py ) | [Java版](./sorts/mergesort/MergeSort.java ) | [TypeScript版](./sorts/mergesort/MergeSort.ts )
- ### [计数排序 counting sort](./sorts/countingsort/)
[C语言版](./sorts/countingsort/counting_sort.c ) | [JavaScript版](./sorts/countingsort/counting_sort.js ) | [Python版](./sorts/countingsort/counting_sort.py ) | [Java版](./sorts/countingsort/CountingSort.java ) | [TypeScript版](./sorts/countingsort/CountingSort.ts )
- ### [基数排序 radix sort](./sorts/radixsort/)
[C语言版](./sorts/radixsort/radix_sort.c ) | [JavaScript版](./sorts/radixsort/radix_sort.js ) | [Python版](./sorts/radixsort/radix_sort.py ) | [Java版](./sorts/radixsort/RadixSort.java ) | [TypeScript版](./sorts/radixsort/RadixSort.ts )
- ### [桶排序 bucket sort](./sorts/bucketsort/)
[C语言版](./sorts/bucketsort/bucket_sort.c ) | [JavaScript版](./sorts/bucketsort/bucket_sort.js ) | [Python版](./sorts/bucketsort/bucket_sort.py ) | [Java版](./sorts/bucketsort/BuketSort.java ) | [TypeScript版](./sorts/bucketsort/BuketSort.ts )
- ### [希尔排序 shell sort](./sorts/shellsort/)
[C语言版](./sorts/shellsort/shell_sort.c ) | [JavaScript版](./sorts/shellsort/shell_sort.js ) | [Python版](./sorts/shellsort/shell_sort.py ) | [Java版](./sorts/shellsort/ShellSort.java ) | [TypeScript版](./sorts/shellsort/ShellSort.ts )

## 数组列表去重复项
- ### [数组去重复的N种写法](./unique/)
[C语言版](./unique/unique.c ) | [JavaScript版](./unique/unique.js ) | [Python版](./unique/unique.py ) | [Java版](./unique/UniqueArray.java ) | [TypeScript版](./unique/UniqueArray.ts )

## 字符串搜索与查找
- ### [朴素搜索](./string/nativesearch/)
[C语言版](./string/nativesearch/string_search.c ) | [JavaScript版](./string/nativesearch/string_search.js ) | [Python版](./string/nativesearch/string_search.py ) | [Java版](./string/nativesearch/StringSearch.java ) | [TypeScript版](./string/nativesearch/StringSearch.ts )
- ### [二分查找](./search/binarysearch/)
[C语言版](./search/binarysearch/binary_search.c ) | [JavaScript版](./search/binarysearch/binary_search.js ) | [Python版](./search/binarysearch/binary_search.py ) | [Java版](./search/binarysearch/BinarySearch.java ) | [TypeScript版](./search/binarysearch/BinarySearch.ts )

## 树搜索与遍历
- ### [二叉树遍历](./tree/binarytree/)
[C语言版](./tree/binarytree/binary_tree.c ) | [JavaScript版](./tree/binarytree/binary_tree.js ) | [Python版](./tree/binarytree/binary_tree.py ) | [Java版](./tree/binarytree/BinaryTree.java ) | [TypeScript版](./tree/binarytree/BinaryTree.ts )

## 递归
- ### [简单递归](./recursion/)

## 数字计算
- ### [数字计算](./number/)

## 日期与日历
- ### [日期与日历](./date/)

# 数据结构
## 堆与栈
- ### [栈](./data-structure/stack/)
## 结构体
- ### [结构体](./data-structure/struct/)


`本文链接
`[https://github.com/microwind/algorithms](https://github.com/microwind/algorithms)

Commit message:

add dart for binary search

README.md, after:

# 多种语言算法代码示例(C\Java\Python\JavaScript\TypeScript\Dart\Go)

    利用不同语言来实现编程算法，比如质因数分解，排序算法等。通过实际算法代码来理解不同编程语言的差异。

    10大经典排序与多种常见算法例子，分别用C, JS, Java, Python, Go, Dart, Rust等最流行的高级语言编写，
    充分利用不同语言的特点，同时增加了详细注释，通过对比既可以学习算法和数据结构，
    又可以了解语言特色，适合用来学习和交流。
    
    The classic `ten sorts` and multiple algorithm examples by most popular programming languages, 
    such as `C, JS, Java, Python, Go, Dart, Rust` etc., which use the special of different languages, and include detailed comments. 
    Through comparison, you can not only learn algorithms and data structures but also understand the language features, 
    which are suitable for learning and communication.
    
[English](./README_en.md)    

## 质因数分解算法
- [C语言/CPP/Java/Python/JS/TS/Kotlin/Dart/Go/Swift/Objective-c 不同语言实现](./factor)
    
## 10大经典排序算法
- ### [冒泡排序 bubble sort](./sorts/bubblesort/)
[C语言版](./sorts/bubblesort/bubble_sort.c ) | [JavaScript版](./sorts/bubblesort/bubble_sort.js ) | [Python版](./sorts/bubblesort/bubble_sort.py ) | [Java版](./sorts/bubblesort/BubbleSort.java ) | [TypeScript版](./sorts/bubblesort/BubbleSort.ts ) | [Go版](./sorts/bubblesort/BubbleSort.go ) | [Dart版](./sorts/bubblesort/BubbleSort.dart ) | [Rust版](./sorts/bubblesort/BubbleSort.rs )
- ### [插入排序 insert sort](./sorts/insertsort/)
[C语言版](./sorts/insertsort/insert_sort.c ) | [JavaScript版](./sorts/insertsort/insert_sort.js ) | [Python版](./sorts/insertsort/insert_sort.py ) | [Java版](./sorts/insertsort/InsertSort.java ) | [TypeScript版](./sorts/insertsort/InsertSort.ts )
- ### [选择排序 selection sort](./sorts/selectionsort/)
[C语言版](./sorts/selectionsort/selection_sort.c ) | [JavaScript版](./sorts/selectionsort/selection_sort.js ) | [Python版](./sorts/selectionsort/selection_sort.py ) | [Java版](./sorts/selectionsort/SelectionSort.java ) | [TypeScript版](./sorts/selectionsort/SelectionSort.ts )
- ### [堆排序 heap sort](./sorts/heapsort/)
[C语言版](./sorts/heapsort/heap_sort.c ) | [JavaScript版](./sorts/heapsort/heap_sort.js ) | [Python版](./sorts/heapsort/heap_sort.py ) | [Java版](./sorts/heapsort/HeapSort.java ) | [TypeScript版](./sorts/heapsort/HeapSort.ts )
- ### [快速排序 quick sort](./sorts/quicksort/)
[C语言版](./sorts/quicksort/quick_sort.c ) | [JavaScript版](./sorts/quicksort/quick_sort.js ) | [Python版](./sorts/quicksort/quick_sort.py ) | [Java版](./sorts/quicksort/QuickSort.java ) | [TypeScript版](./sorts/quicksort/QuickSort.ts )
- ### [归并排序 merge sort](./sorts/mergesort/)
[C语言版](./sorts/mergesort/merge_sort.c ) | [JavaScript版](./sorts/mergesort/merge_sort.js ) | [Python版](./sorts/mergesort/merge_sort.py ) | [Java版](./sorts/mergesort/MergeSort.java ) | [TypeScript版](./sorts/mergesort/MergeSort.ts )
- ### [计数排序 counting sort](./sorts/countingsort/)
[C语言版](./sorts/countingsort/counting_sort.c ) | [JavaScript版](./sorts/countingsort/counting_sort.js ) | [Python版](./sorts/countingsort/counting_sort.py ) | [Java版](./sorts/countingsort/CountingSort.java ) | [TypeScript版](./sorts/countingsort/CountingSort.ts )
- ### [基数排序 radix sort](./sorts/radixsort/)
[C语言版](./sorts/radixsort/radix_sort.c ) | [JavaScript版](./sorts/radixsort/radix_sort.js ) | [Python版](./sorts/radixsort/radix_sort.py ) | [Java版](./sorts/radixsort/RadixSort.java ) | [TypeScript版](./sorts/radixsort/RadixSort.ts )
- ### [桶排序 bucket sort](./sorts/bucketsort/)
[C语言版](./sorts/bucketsort/bucket_sort.c ) | [JavaScript版](./sorts/bucketsort/bucket_sort.js ) | [Python版](./sorts/bucketsort/bucket_sort.py ) | [Java版](./sorts/bucketsort/BuketSort.java ) | [TypeScript版](./sorts/bucketsort/BuketSort.ts )
- ### [希尔排序 shell sort](./sorts/shellsort/)
[C语言版](./sorts/shellsort/shell_sort.c ) | [JavaScript版](./sorts/shellsort/shell_sort.js ) | [Python版](./sorts/shellsort/shell_sort.py ) | [Java版](./sorts/shellsort/ShellSort.java ) | [TypeScript版](./sorts/shellsort/ShellSort.ts )

## 数组列表去重复项
- ### [数组去重复的N种写法](./unique/)
[C语言版](./unique/unique.c ) | [JavaScript版](./unique/unique.js ) | [Python版](./unique/unique.py ) | [Java版](./unique/UniqueArray.java ) | [TypeScript版](./unique/UniqueArray.ts )

## 字符串搜索与查找
- ### [朴素搜索](./string/nativesearch/)
[C语言版](./string/nativesearch/string_search.c ) | [JavaScript版](./string/nativesearch/string_search.js ) | [Python版](./string/nativesearch/string_search.py ) | [Java版](./string/nativesearch/StringSearch.java ) | [TypeScript版](./string/nativesearch/StringSearch.ts )
- ### [二分查找](./search/binarysearch/)
[C语言版](./search/binarysearch/binary_search.c ) | [JavaScript版](./search/binarysearch/binary_search.js ) | [Python版](./search/binarysearch/binary_search.py ) | [Java版](./search/binarysearch/BinarySearch.java ) | [TypeScript版](./search/binarysearch/BinarySearch.ts )

## 树搜索与遍历
- ### [二叉树遍历](./tree/binarytree/)
[C语言版](./tree/binarytree/binary_tree.c ) | [JavaScript版](./tree/binarytree/binary_tree.js ) | [Python版](./tree/binarytree/binary_tree.py ) | [Java版](./tree/binarytree/BinaryTree.java ) | [TypeScript版](./tree/binarytree/BinaryTree.ts )

## 递归
- ### [简单递归](./recursion/)

## 数字计算
- ### [数字计算](./number/)

## 日期与日历
- ### [日期与日历](./date/)

# 数据结构
## 堆与栈
- ### [栈](./data-structure/stack/)
## 结构体
- ### [结构体](./data-structure/struct/)


`本文链接
`[https://github.com/microwind/algorithms](https://github.com/microwind/algorithms)
